Log standard error raised during upload (#195)
buildkite/test-collector-ruby: README.md

git push origin add-buildkite-test-analytics
```

### VCR

> If your test suites use [VCR](https://github.com/vcr/vcr) to interact with HTTP, you need to allow them to make an actual request to Test Analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your test suites use [VCR](https://github.com/vcr/vcr) to stub network requests, you'll need to modify the config to allow actual network requests to Test Analytics.
```

Author: Thanks! It's a lot more concise.
